Wind, come on.
What? I lost.
You know you lost.
Then you quickly put the entertainment company hosting the show in your hands.
Fengming, you see you have a game company that makes money like that.
Don't worry about your brother's company anymore.
Wow.
What's wrong, king?
You still want to default.
Husband, Ngoc Phong is your son.
You can't let him lose his last company.
Hey, hey, this is what you said just now, don't let me get involved in the cousin bet.
Me, okay.
Bet to lose
Emerald Buddha
Give your company to your brother.
Got it, haha.
Monday.
Well done.
Keep trying.
Dad, don't worry.
Later the Qin dynasty flourished in my hands.
Ha ha ha.
I believe you.
Ha ha ha
Let's go, brother.
Sign the contract.